Adding LinearFVEnthalpyFunctorMaterial (#29532)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/linearfvkernels/LinearFVEnergyAdvection.md

This kernel adds the contributions of the energy advection term to the matrix and right hand side of the energy equation system for the finite volume SIMPLE segregated solver [SIMPLE.md].

> This kernel currently supports the advection of specific enthalpy $h$ or temperature $T$. Important consideration: Temperature advection is only supported for constant specific heat, where $h$ can be defined as $h=c_p T$. For variable $c_p$ the user should use the enthalpy formulation. The boolean paremeter 'advected_quantity' lets the user select "enthalpy" or "temperature".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This kernel currently supports the advection of specific enthalpy $h$ or temperature $T$. Important consideration: Temperature advection is only supported for constant specific heat, where $h$ can be defined as $h=c_p T$. For variable $c_p$, the user should use the enthalpy formulation. Parameter [!param](/LinearFVKernels/LinearFVEnergyAdvection/advected_quantity) lets the user select "enthalpy" or "temperature".
```
